libm-tests/conversion.c --benchmark-name=conversion_test
libm-tests/gamma.c --benchmark-name=gamma_test
libm-tests/lgamma.c --benchmark-name=lgamma_test
libm-tests/tgamma.c --benchmark-name=tgamma_test
libm-tests/gammaf.c --benchmark-name=gammaf_test
libm-tests/lgammaf.c --benchmark-name=lgammaf_test
libm-tests/tgammaf.c --benchmark-name=tgammaf_test
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=fpclassify_test --benchmark-name=fpclassify
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=isfinite_test --benchmark-name=isfinite
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=isnormal_test --benchmark-name=isnormal
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=signbit_test --benchmark-name=signbit
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=acos_test --benchmark-name=acos
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=asin_test --benchmark-name=asin
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=atan_test --benchmark-name=atan
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=atan2_test --benchmark-name=atan2
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=cos_test --benchmark-name=cos
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=sin_test --benchmark-name=sin
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=tan_test --benchmark-name=tan
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=acosh_test --benchmark-name=acosh
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=asinh_test --benchmark-name=asinh
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=atanh_test --benchmark-name=atanh
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=cosh_test --benchmark-name=cosh
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=sinh_test --benchmark-name=sinh
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=tanh_test --benchmark-name=tanh
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=exp_test --benchmark-name=exp
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=expm1_test --benchmark-name=expm1
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=frexp_test --benchmark-name=frexp
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=ldexp_test --benchmark-name=ldexp
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=log_test --benchmark-name=log
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=log10_test --benchmark-name=log10
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=log1p_test --benchmark-name=log1p
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=logb_test --benchmark-name=logb
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=modf_test --benchmark-name=modf
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=ilogb_test --benchmark-name=ilogb
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=scalb_test --benchmark-name=scalb
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=scalbn_test --benchmark-name=scalbn
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=significand_test --benchmark-name=significand
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=cbrt_test --benchmark-name=cbrt
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=fabs_test --benchmark-name=fabs
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=hypot_test --benchmark-name=hypot
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=pow_test --benchmark-name=pow
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=sqrt_test --benchmark-name=sqrt
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=erf_test --benchmark-name=erf
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=erfc_test --benchmark-name=erfc
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=gamma_test --benchmark-name=gamma
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=lgamma_test --benchmark-name=lgamma
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=ceil_test --benchmark-name=ceil
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=floor_test --benchmark-name=floor
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=rint_test --benchmark-name=rint
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=fmod_test --benchmark-name=fmod
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=remainder_test --benchmark-name=remainder
libm-tests/test-float.c --top-fname=copysign_test --benchmark-name=copysign
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=fpclassify_test --benchmark-name=fpclassify_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=isfinite_test --benchmark-name=isfinite_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=isnormal_test --benchmark-name=isnormal_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=signbit_test --benchmark-name=signbit_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=acos_test --benchmark-name=acos_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=asin_test --benchmark-name=asin_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=atan_test --benchmark-name=atan_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=atan2_test --benchmark-name=atan2_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=cos_test --benchmark-name=cos_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=sin_test --benchmark-name=sin_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=tan_test --benchmark-name=tan_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=acosh_test --benchmark-name=acosh_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=asinh_test --benchmark-name=asinh_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=atanh_test --benchmark-name=atanh_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=cosh_test --benchmark-name=cosh_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=sinh_test --benchmark-name=sinh_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=tanh_test --benchmark-name=tanh_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=exp_test --benchmark-name=exp_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=expm1_test --benchmark-name=expm1_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=frexp_test --benchmark-name=frexp_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=ldexp_test --benchmark-name=ldexp_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=log_test --benchmark-name=log_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=log10_test --benchmark-name=log10_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=log1p_test --benchmark-name=log1p_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=logb_test --benchmark-name=logb_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=modf_test --benchmark-name=modf_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=ilogb_test --benchmark-name=ilogb_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=scalb_test --benchmark-name=scalb_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=scalbn_test --benchmark-name=scalbn_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=significand_test --benchmark-name=significand_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=cbrt_test --benchmark-name=cbrt_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=fabs_test --benchmark-name=fabs_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=hypot_test --benchmark-name=hypot_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=pow_test --benchmark-name=pow_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=sqrt_test --benchmark-name=sqrt_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=erf_test --benchmark-name=erf_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=erfc_test --benchmark-name=erfc_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=gamma_test --benchmark-name=gamma_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=lgamma_test --benchmark-name=lgamma_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=ceil_test --benchmark-name=ceil_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=floor_test --benchmark-name=floor_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=rint_test --benchmark-name=rint_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=fmod_test --benchmark-name=fmod_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=remainder_test --benchmark-name=remainder_double
libm-tests/test-double.c --top-fname=copysign_test --benchmark-name=copysign_double

